Support array for all string ingest processors (#53343)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/trim.asciidoc

[[trim-processor]]
=== Trim Processor

> Trims whitespace from field. If the field value is an array, all members will be trimmed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trims whitespace from field. If the field is an array of strings, all members of the array will be trimmed.
```
